Vanilla docs (#13)
buildo/formo: website/docs/subform.md

          ),
        },
      }),
    },
    {
      onSubmit: () => Promise.resolve(success(null)),
    }
  );

  const emptyFamilyMember = {
    name: "",
    surname: "",
  };

  return (
    <div>
      <TextField label="name" {...fieldProps("name")} />
      <TextField label="surname" {...fieldProps("surname")} />

      <div>
        <button
          onClick={() => subForm("familyMembers").push(emptyFamilyMember)}
        >
          Add family members
        </button>

        {subForm("familyMembers").items.map((familyMember, index) => (
          <div key={`${familyMember.namePrefix}-container`}>
            <TextField
              label={`${index}-name`}
              {...familyMember.fieldProps("name")}
            />
            <TextField
              label={`${index}-surname`}
              {...familyMember.fieldProps("surname")}
            />
            <p>
              {familyMember.fieldProps("name").issues}
              <br />
              {familyMember.fieldProps("surname").issues}
            </p>
          </div>
        ))}
      </div>

      <button onClick={handleSubmit}>Sign up</button>
    </div>
  );
};
```

> ## Initialization

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the title of this section, maybe "Define a subForm" or "Initializing a subForm"? Also, I would put the phrase "Let's break down the code above." before this section title, and not below it (as this is the first step in breaking it down if I understand correctly)
<img width="802" alt="Screenshot 2022-03-30 at 12 00 03" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2643520/160805951-a0594665-8a08-43cf-83e8-62083042e4e0.png">

```twoslash include defs
import { useFormo, subFormValue, success, validators } from "@buildo/formo";

type FamilyMember = {
  name: string;
  surname: string;
};
```

```twoslash include breakdown
const { handleSubmit, fieldProps, subForm, formErrors } = useFormo(
  {
    initialValues: {
      name: "Jhon",
      surname: "Doe",

>       familyMembers: subFormValue([] as Array<FamilyMember>),

Reviewer: same as above:
```suggestion
      familyMembers: subFormValue<Array<FamilyMember>>([]),
```

        ),
        surname: validators.fromPredicate(
          (i) => typeof i === "string" && i.length > 0,
          "Family member surname is required"
        ),
      },
    }),
  },
  {
    onSubmit: () => Promise.resolve(success(null)),
  }
);

```

Let's break down the code above.

The `subFormValue` function is used to initialize a subform: this instructs `formo` to treat the field as a sub form, rather than a regular top-level field.
If the initial state is an empty array you will need to provide a type hint, since TypeScript won't be able to infer the type for you, for example:

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// ---cut---
subFormValue([] as Array<FamilyMember>);
//    ^?
```

otherwise, you can explicitly define the type of the assigned constant

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// ---cut---
const familyMembersInitialState: Array<FamilyMember> = [];
subFormValue(familyMembersInitialState);
//    ^?
```

`subFormValidators` work the same as `fieldValidators`, except they are applied to each of the members of the "sub form" fields.

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// ---cut---
// @include: breakdown
```

## Accessing sub forms

> It can be noticed that `subForm` APIs are typesafely distinguished by the `fieldProps` ones.

Reviewer: not sure about "typesafely distinguished" :D Maybe we could just remove this first line, as the next one is already clear enough?

---
id: subform
title: Subform
---

> import CodeBlock from "@theme/CodeBlock";

Author: Leftover. Sorry for the inaccuracies, there was a lot of moving code in this PR.

      },
    }),
  },
  {
    onSubmit: () => Promise.resolve(success(null)),
  }
);

```

Let's break down the code above.

The `subFormValue` API is required to initialize a subform.
If the initial state is an empty array, a casting is necessary to define the type of the array

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// ---cut---
subFormValue([] as Array<FamilyMember>);
//    ^?
```

otherwise, you can explicitly define the type of the assigned constant

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// ---cut---
const familiMembersInitialState: Array<FamilyMember> = [];
subFormValue(familiMembersInitialState);
//    ^?
```

The `subFormValidators` API works as the `fieldValidators`, but only acts on the `subForm` fields

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// ---cut---
// @include: breakdown
```

## Accessing sub forms

It can be noticed that `subForm` APIs are typesafely distinguished by the `fieldProps` ones.

In fact, with reference to the previous example, you can't pass `name` or `surname` as argument to `subForm`,
but only `familyMembers`

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// @include: breakdown
// ---cut---

// @errors: 2345
subForm("name");
subForm("surname");

subForm("familyMembers");
```

> To add new elements, `inserAt` and `push` methods are available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add new sub forms to a field using `push` or `insertAt`:
```

```tsx twoslash
// @include: defs
// @include: breakdown
// ---cut---

subForm("familyMembers").insertAt;
//                        ^?
subForm("familyMembers").push;
//                        ^?
```

For example, to add a new family member with an initial state, you can use the `push` method inside a button `onClick`

```tsx twoslash
// @include: defs
// @include: breakdown
// ---cut---

const initFamilyMember = {
  name: "",
  surname: "",
};

<button onClick={() => subForm("familyMembers").push(initFamilyMember)}>
  Add family member
</button>;
```

> To access all the created elements, use the `items` property

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access all the elements of a sub form field, use the `items` property
```

```ts twoslash
// @include: defs
// @include: breakdown
// ---cut---

subForm("familyMembers").items;
//                        ^?
```

> Each item, in turn, provides the `fieldProps` API that can be used
> to render a form element

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of the items provides a `fieldProps` function analogous to the top-level `fieldProps`, that can be used to render a form element:
```
